I was going guys just a quick video on
the four 726 650 battery and I'm going
to show you how the interface works on
the Maelstrom x10 about this couple days
ago in the mail really well-made battery
let's go it's my first battery of this
type and so far I like it a lot so I'm
go and put in the flashlight for my
camera down really quick
alright so how it works there's two
modes for this flashlight no strobe no
SOS just simple two modes high and low
so momentary press the tailcap you enter
low mode depress it and press it again
you enter high mode and it also has
memory so if you want if you turn it on
let go I wait for about one second and
should memorize it there you go at i lo
wait one second turn on its on low again
so very good feature for constant on you
just have to tighten the tail cab all
the way there you go that's constant on
on low if you loosen it and tighten
again within one second you answer a
high mode so very simple interface makes
a great tactical light and so far I like
it a lot very compact and very bright
light you have any questions leave it in
the comments or PM me thank you